django-admin startapp dobong
django-admin startapp dongdaemun
django-admin startapp dongjak
django-admin startapp eunpyeong
django-admin startapp gangbuk
#django-admin startapp gangdong
django-admin startapp gangseo
django-admin startapp geumcheon
django-admin startapp guro
django-admin startapp gwanak
django-admin startapp gwangjin
django-admin startapp jongro
django-admin startapp junggu
django-admin startapp jungnang
#django-admin startapp kangnam
django-admin startapp mapo
django-admin startapp nowon
django-admin startapp seocho
django-admin startapp seodaemun
django-admin startapp seongbuk
django-admin startapp seongdong
django-admin startapp songpa
django-admin startapp yangcheon
django-admin startapp yeongdeungpo
django-admin startapp yongsan